fawcett with people welcome to the ether
official I am terrified polis and here they
I leave with the six recordings of origins
in spanish latin with the last date da
because I tried it three times and good
I let the recordings in Latin that
they are fine until later
the texts of the ancients describe a
contraption they called for the
amplify
I am convinced that the object is
vital to access the energy of the
elementary stones unfortunately in
our excavations we have not achieved
recover the rod nor the stones feel
that despite everything we must continue forward
I have moved some plans to create
replicas of the rods from
descriptions found in the camera
main have then that begins its
manufacture immediately
the investigation of element 115 follows
throwing unexpected results the
conversion process creates fields of
localized energy that look like
function as portals of those that
objects of indeterminate origin arise
my hypothesis as strange as I can
It seems that this transfer of
matter could be happening through
of spacetime I think the answer
could be in the stones rubrics
broken on the mound the
channeling enough energy from
the conversion generators to that
place may be fruitful
it was pure coincidence that we opened the
Seal the main chamber
repeated attempts to use force
gross were ineffective and left
our exhausted and frustrated men
one with the idea of ​​easing one's attention
of the soldiers brought a gramophone to the
camera
or from artists known as surfing their
place for our amazement while
we listened to the first bars of the
music the seal began to open not
I can avoid asking myself if there will be no more
recordings that reveal other areas of
the catacombs
the girl's voice calls me with more
frequency that never at first only
he talked about his imprisonment in a kingdom
mythical known as the letter now
she says she is my daughter although I know that
I do not have any
I'm afraid I might be losing the
judgment
when I woke up this morning I found out
of the mysterious events that happened
during the night the workers of the
installation of the generators said
have seen old figures that
they emerged from the earth would doubt their
story if it were not because of the
morning many of the men were
dead or missing
when the 115 is channeled to the stones
ancient an energy field seems
drag unknown objects to our
actually it is possible 500 115 this
altering the space-time continuum
as it could but an old box created
eons ago will bring weapons of different
you were maybe even from our own
future one more study is necessary
exhaustive about these powerful e
unpredictable forces
only a madman would create a machine
how is this that works with intervention
human in 115 to the ancient stones
an energy field seems to crawls
monks struggle to control the
generators it is possible that the element